Add docs for storybook integration via GUI (#42)
zeplin/connected-components-docs: docs/gettingStarted/VUE.md

> **👀 We simplified the Connected Components experience, you can now get it running within minutes. [Check this document for details.](./QUICK_START.md)**

> > **We also provide a graphical interface via Zeplin apps for Storybook integration. Check out [this article](https://zpl.io/article/storybook-integration) to learn more.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Zeplin provides an easier way to connect components using **Storybook integration**, if your Vue components already have corresponding stories in a Storybook environment. Check out [this article](https://zpl.io/article/storybook-integration) to learn more.**
```
